README.md, before:

# UX Design Day - resources

Version: 1.2.2, last updated: 1 October 2014

![UX Design Day](/design/email/email_header.png?raw=true "UX Design Day")

## Welcome!

Hello! If you’re reading this then you’re probably thinking of running a [UX Design Day](http://uxdesignday.org) conference somewhere in the world. That’s awesome!

In this repository I’ve included a bunch of resources from the first two conferences - Dunedin on April 27 2013 and Wellington on October 10 2013.

The content here will evolve over time. The best place to get the most up-to-date set of files will be in this very GitHub repository. To download everything as a .zip file, click the button over on the right.

The idea is that you will be able to take these assets and examples to form your own set of material to help you run your own UXDD. We have a templates, marketing resources, design assets, previous budgets, schedules, survey results, and more to help you succeed.

If you have any questions, please contact me at [benjamin@uxdesignday.org](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org) and I’m happy to answer them.


## Frequently asked questions

- [What is UX Design Day?](#what-is-ux-design-day)
- [In the news](#in-the-news)
- [How do I download all of this information?](#how-do-i-download-all-of-this-information)
- [How do I become eligible to run a UXDD in my city?](#how-do-i-become-eligible-to-run-a-uxdd-in-my-city)
- [What is the fee structure?](#what-is-the-fee-structure)
- [Can we customize our own UX Design Day?](#can-we-customize-our-own-ux-design-day)
- [What do we call our conference?](#what-do-we-call-our-conference)
- [What topics should we try to cover?](#what-topics-should-we-try-to-cover)
- [What website do we point people to?](#what-website-do-we-point-people-to)
- [Who do we use for ticketing and attendee payments?](#who-do-we-use-for-ticketing-and-attendee-payments)
- [How do we customize uxdesignday.org to our liking?](#how-do-we-customize-uxdesigndayorg-to-our-liking)
- [What’s a good schedule?](#whats-a-good-schedule)
- [How much should we charge for tickets?](#how-much-should-we-charge-for-tickets)
- [What do we do with any profits from our conference?](#what-do-we-do-with-any-profits-from-our-conference)
- [Who do we approach for sponsorship?](#who-do-we-approach-for-sponsorship)
- [￼How do I attract good speakers?](#how-do-i-attract-good-speakers)
- [How often should these conferences be held?](#how-often-should-these-conferences-be-held)
- [What font should I use?](#what-font-should-i-use)
- [Should I have swag bags?](#should-i-have-swag-bags)
- [Should I have T Shirts?](#should-i-have-t-shirts)
- [Any suggestions for catering?](#any-suggestions-for-catering)
- [What’s the best way to get publicity around UX Design Day?](#whats-the-best-way-to-get-publicity-around-ux-design-day)
- [Will I get access to the Twitter and Facebook accounts to promote my conference?](#will-i-get-access-to-the-twitter-and-facebook-accounts-to-promote-my-conference)
- [Will I get a @uxdesignday.org email address?](#will-i-get-a-uxdesigndayorg-email-address)
- [Is all of this set in concrete?](#is-all-of-this-set-in-concrete)
- [I have more questions. Who do I contact?](#i-have-more-questions-who-do-i-contact)

Table of Contents generated with [DocToc](http://doctoc.herokuapp.com)


### What is UX Design Day?

UX Design Day is a one-day educational design event in cities around the world. We aim to raise awareness of good design in every industry, and teach people valuable skills from all experience levels. Our target audience is UX designers, frontend developers, business owners, marketers, graphic designers, product managers, and more.

Check out the [summary from Wellington 2013](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday-resources/blob/master/summary/wellington%202013/UX%20Design%20Day%20Wellington%202013%20Summary.pdf?raw=true) to get a feel for what makes a great UX Design Day and of course if you haven’t already visited [uxdesignday.org](http://uxdesignday.org) then do that too.

### In the news

* Idealog: [All about the UX: from tattoo ink to global tech](http://idealog.co.nz/tech/2013/09/all-about-ux-tattoo-ink-global-tech)
* The Big Idea: [UX Design Day boosts the creative capital](http://www.thebigidea.co.nz/connect/media-releases/2013/sep/134899-ux-design-day-boosts-the-creative-capital)
* Design Assembly: [UX Design Day is coming to Wellington](http://www.designassembly.org.nz/articles/ux-design-wellington)
* Wellington.Scoop: [UX Design Day will showcase work by Wellington companies](http://wellington.scoop.co.nz/?p=59254)
* Grow Wellington: [Wellys, Wellness and Web Design](http://send.uprise.co.nz/t/ViewEmail/r/B3C35F9BAC9A47682540EF23F30FEDED/ACDB91BD33D99634A2432AF2E34A2A5F)
* EventFinda: [UX Design Day](http://www.eventfinder.co.nz/2013/ux-design-day/wellington)
* Chalkle blog: [UX Design Day – coming to the Creative Capital](http://blog.chalkle.com/ux-design-day-coming-to-the-creative-capital/)
* sticK: [The heart of the matter, and a matter of the heart, is design by intention](http://sticknz.net/2013/10/01/the-heart-of-the-matter-and-a-matter-of-the-heart-is-design-by-intention/)
* Mozilla Reps: [UX Design Day](https://reps.mozilla.org/e/ux-design-day/)
* Content is the web: [I’ll be at Dunedin’s UX Design Day, October 31](http://contentistheweb.com/dunedins-design-october/) 


### How do I download all of this information?

[Click to download the .zip file](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday-resources/archive/master.zip)


### How do I become eligible to run a UXDD in my city?

It’s pretty simple, really.

1. Read through the material online and get a good feel for what makes a great event
2. Start thinking about a venue and speakers you might invite
3. Allow yourself 4 - 6 months to organise the event
4. Put together a two or three page proposal document and email it to [Benjamin](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org)


### What is the fee structure?

![UX Design Day fee structure](/financials/fee-structure.png?raw=true "UX Design Day fee structure")

The parent organisation ([UX Design Day Limited](http://www.business.govt.nz/companies/app/ui/pages/companies/5161521)) takes **33%** of the profits of a conference after all expenses have been paid. This is to help cover costs like:

* Server and CDN for the website
* Domain renewals for uxdesignday.org and .com
* New Zealand company registration fees
* Facebook and Twitter advertising to build fanbase
* Google Apps for Work
* Time spent to build and maintain the website
* Time spent building brand awareness and trust

The remaining **66%** is for the conference organisers to keep as a recognition of the time and effort they put in on the ground to make each conference happen.

The profit is **whatever is left after all expenses have been paid.** Expenses like catering, venue hire, speaker accommodation and travel costs, any official drinks after the event, swag bag costs, and any marketing for the specific conference like stickers, posters, cards, etc.

For this reason, a detailed record of the budget must be kept along with receipts for expenses.


### Example fee breakdown

Let’s say a conference has $6,458.00 remaining after paying all expenses and reimbursing all speakers for travel and accommodation costs. The organisers of that conference would receive $4,305.00 for their time and send $2,153.00 to UX Design Day Limited.

![UX Design Day in Wellington](/design/email/wellington.jpg?raw=true "UX Design Day in Wellington")
*UX Design Day Wellington in 2013*

### Can we customize our own UX Design Day?

UX Design Days should follow a similar one day, 6 - 12 talk format, and focus on:

* Education through practical talks
* Exposing local speakers and talent
* Accessible and affordable entry
* A unique conference experience

The venue, promotional material, tone of voice, speakers, and sponsors are all different from city to city, however the brand and basic brand assets like the logo, name, and website remain the same.


### What do we call our conference?

Your conference should be called “UX Design Day <city it’s in> <year>”. For example “UX Design Day Sydney 2014”.

It can also be abbreviated to UXDD Sydney 2014. All hashtags are #uxdd.


### What topics should we try to cover?

The conference has a digital slant, but you should aim for a lot of variety to keep things interesting. For example, UX Design Day Wellington 2013 had a tattoo artist present a talk alongside digital designers. 

Try focusing on different areas of UX and visual design. See the example schedules, resources, [previous talks on Vimeo](http://vimeo.com/uxdesignday/videos), and more to get a feel for what we’re about.

The audience will be a mix of:

* UX Designers
* Business owners
* Marketers
* Agency designers
* Visual designers
* Frontend developers
* Project managers


### What website do we point people to?

After your proposal has been accepted, I will set you up with uxdesignday.org/yourlocation. Note: we also have uxdesignday.com, which simply redirects to .org.

￼
### Who do we use for ticketing and attendee payments?

That’s up to you. Some providers take more of a cut than others. In the past we’ve used [Chalkle](http://chalkle.com/), who are based in Wellington, New Zealand - they’re friendly and awesome.


### How do we customize uxdesignday.org to our liking?

The basic layout and style is set by us, however you can modify the content, such as your own location-specific information - sponsors, speakers etc. Each conference location will have their own branch.

Please submit [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) on your location’s branch in the [UX Design Day Github repository](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday). It’s a relatively simple static site built with Node.js.


### What’s a good schedule?

Please keep your schedule and conference format close to the original. If you find there is a better way of doing things, talk to me about changing the global schedule! The idea is that UX Design Day should be fast-paced, compact, practical, and accessible.

We’ve found the ideal number of speakers to be around 9. Less than that and people feel they don’t get enough value for money, more than that and people tend to get worn out near the end of the day.


### How much should we charge for tickets?

This is up to you. The ticket price should be affordable, and where possible you should try to attract local speakers who are happy to talk for free. Since they’re local, they also won’t require accommodation and transport costs.

What makes UXDD different to other similar conferences is the fact that local speakers really mix with attendees and it helps to expose new people in your local network you didn’t know before. It’s very satisfying to know that we don’t need to fly out an expert from the valley - there’s one right down the road!

Dunedin 2013 charged $30.00 NZD for a ticket and Wellington 2013 charged $150.00 NZD for a ticket. We advise that you don’t put the ticket price above $200.00.


### What do we do with any profits from our conference?

See the [fee structure section](#what-is-the-fee-structure) above.


### Who do we approach for sponsorship?

This is entirely up to you. We have strong relationships with several tech companies in Australia and New Zealand whom we’d be happy to contact for you. Please only take sponsors that are known for practicing good design. We don’t want to tarnish the brand!


###￼How do I attract good speakers?

Usually through your network, meetups, through sponsors, on Twitter, that sort of thing. Try to get people who have spoken (at other conferences) before, and make sure you reiterate that their talk should be reasonably short (15 minutes or 30 minutes) and practical.

Attendees should come away with the feeling they’ve learnt something new. If you can, try to screen them and their talk before accepting them as a speaker.


### How often should these conferences be held?

If someone else has run a UXDD nearby recently in another city, think about pushing yours out so there’s a gap of about 4 months. UXDD should be an annual event for each city, but in smaller countries (like New Zealand!) we don’t want to oversaturate the market.

Try to avoid clashing with similar conferences (UX Australia, Webstock, etc).


### What font should I use?

Use [Open Sans](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Open+Sans) for everything. You can add Open Sans to Google Docs by using the Add Fonts option in the dropdown. It’s also available as a free web font on Google Web Fonts, and you can download the .ttf files for use in Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, etc.


### Should I have swag bags?

This is up to you. Swag bags can be a pain in the ass to organise, and can be quite expensive. Unless you’ve got some really awesome stuff in them, most attendees disregard or bin them. Also, who wants to carry even more stuff around with them all day?


### Should I have T Shirts?

T Shirts are usually only printed for the organisers and volunteers since they can be quite expensive.


### Any suggestions for catering?

Yes. Make sure there is enough food. Make sure you cater for specific dietary requirements. When you have lots of people, stagger the lunch so a long line doesn’t form. Have a morning tea and afternoon tea. A coffee cart is a great idea for the morning. Make sure there’s a good ‘break-out’ space at your chosen venue for people to eat lunch.


### What’s the best way to get publicity around UX Design Day?

There are a few ways that work:

1. Send press releases to local news organisations
2. Announce the conference on Twitter and Facebook and post frequently
3. Ask prominent news websites (eg. Smashing Magazine) to post about your conference
4. Send an email to previous conference attendees (ask Benjamin for the mailing list)
5. Do some [guerilla marketing](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=537804696288567) on the [street](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=534508529951517)


### Will I get access to the Twitter and Facebook accounts to promote my conference?

Yes, you will. I will email you the details.


### Will I get a @uxdesignday.org email address?

Not presently, but that may change in the future.


### Is all of this set in concrete?

Absolutely not! We are learning just as much as you are, and we’ll definitely find things that don’t work well. Please let Benjamin know if you have any feedback, questions, concerns, or suggestions.


### I have more questions. Who do I contact?

Contact Benjamin Humphrey, [benjamin@uxdesignday.org.](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org)

Commit message:

Conferences running at a loss and a news article about Dunedin

README.md, after:

# UX Design Day - resources

Version: 1.2.2, last updated: 1 October 2014

![UX Design Day](/design/email/email_header.png?raw=true "UX Design Day")

## Welcome!

Hello! If you’re reading this then you’re probably thinking of running a [UX Design Day](http://uxdesignday.org) conference somewhere in the world. That’s awesome!

In this repository I’ve included a bunch of resources from the first two conferences - Dunedin on April 27 2013 and Wellington on October 10 2013.

The content here will evolve over time. The best place to get the most up-to-date set of files will be in this very GitHub repository. To download everything as a .zip file, click the button over on the right.

The idea is that you will be able to take these assets and examples to form your own set of material to help you run your own UXDD. We have a templates, marketing resources, design assets, previous budgets, schedules, survey results, and more to help you succeed.

If you have any questions, please contact me at [benjamin@uxdesignday.org](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org) and I’m happy to answer them.


## Frequently asked questions

- [What is UX Design Day?](#what-is-ux-design-day)
- [In the news](#in-the-news)
- [How do I download all of this information?](#how-do-i-download-all-of-this-information)
- [How do I become eligible to run a UXDD in my city?](#how-do-i-become-eligible-to-run-a-uxdd-in-my-city)
- [What is the fee structure?](#what-is-the-fee-structure)
- [What happens if my conference runs at a loss?](#what-happens-if-my-conference-runs-at-a-loss)
- [Can we customize our own UX Design Day?](#can-we-customize-our-own-ux-design-day)
- [What do we call our conference?](#what-do-we-call-our-conference)
- [What topics should we try to cover?](#what-topics-should-we-try-to-cover)
- [What website do we point people to?](#what-website-do-we-point-people-to)
- [Who do we use for ticketing and attendee payments?](#who-do-we-use-for-ticketing-and-attendee-payments)
- [How do we customize uxdesignday.org to our liking?](#how-do-we-customize-uxdesigndayorg-to-our-liking)
- [What’s a good schedule?](#whats-a-good-schedule)
- [How much should we charge for tickets?](#how-much-should-we-charge-for-tickets)
- [What do we do with any profits from our conference?](#what-do-we-do-with-any-profits-from-our-conference)
- [Who do we approach for sponsorship?](#who-do-we-approach-for-sponsorship)
- [￼How do I attract good speakers?](#how-do-i-attract-good-speakers)
- [How often should these conferences be held?](#how-often-should-these-conferences-be-held)
- [What font should I use?](#what-font-should-i-use)
- [Should I have swag bags?](#should-i-have-swag-bags)
- [Should I have T Shirts?](#should-i-have-t-shirts)
- [Any suggestions for catering?](#any-suggestions-for-catering)
- [What’s the best way to get publicity around UX Design Day?](#whats-the-best-way-to-get-publicity-around-ux-design-day)
- [Will I get access to the Twitter and Facebook accounts to promote my conference?](#will-i-get-access-to-the-twitter-and-facebook-accounts-to-promote-my-conference)
- [Will I get a @uxdesignday.org email address?](#will-i-get-a-uxdesigndayorg-email-address)
- [Is all of this set in concrete?](#is-all-of-this-set-in-concrete)
- [I have more questions. Who do I contact?](#i-have-more-questions-who-do-i-contact)


### What is UX Design Day?

UX Design Day is a one-day educational design event in cities around the world. We aim to raise awareness of good design in every industry, and teach people valuable skills from all experience levels. Our target audience is UX designers, frontend developers, business owners, marketers, graphic designers, product managers, and more.

Check out the [summary from Wellington 2013](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday-resources/blob/master/summary/wellington%202013/UX%20Design%20Day%20Wellington%202013%20Summary.pdf?raw=true) to get a feel for what makes a great UX Design Day and of course if you haven’t already visited [uxdesignday.org](http://uxdesignday.org) then do that too.

### In the news

* Design Assembly: [UXDD2014 - Dunedin](http://www.designassembly.org.nz/articles/ux-design-day-dunedin)
* Idealog: [All about the UX: from tattoo ink to global tech](http://idealog.co.nz/tech/2013/09/all-about-ux-tattoo-ink-global-tech)
* The Big Idea: [UX Design Day boosts the creative capital](http://www.thebigidea.co.nz/connect/media-releases/2013/sep/134899-ux-design-day-boosts-the-creative-capital)
* Design Assembly: [UX Design Day is coming to Wellington](http://www.designassembly.org.nz/articles/ux-design-wellington)
* Wellington.Scoop: [UX Design Day will showcase work by Wellington companies](http://wellington.scoop.co.nz/?p=59254)
* Grow Wellington: [Wellys, Wellness and Web Design](http://send.uprise.co.nz/t/ViewEmail/r/B3C35F9BAC9A47682540EF23F30FEDED/ACDB91BD33D99634A2432AF2E34A2A5F)
* EventFinda: [UX Design Day](http://www.eventfinder.co.nz/2013/ux-design-day/wellington)
* Chalkle blog: [UX Design Day – coming to the Creative Capital](http://blog.chalkle.com/ux-design-day-coming-to-the-creative-capital/)
* sticK: [The heart of the matter, and a matter of the heart, is design by intention](http://sticknz.net/2013/10/01/the-heart-of-the-matter-and-a-matter-of-the-heart-is-design-by-intention/)
* Mozilla Reps: [UX Design Day](https://reps.mozilla.org/e/ux-design-day/)
* Content is the web: [I’ll be at Dunedin’s UX Design Day, October 31](http://contentistheweb.com/dunedins-design-october/) 


### How do I download all of this information?

[Click to download the .zip file](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday-resources/archive/master.zip)


### How do I become eligible to run a UXDD in my city?

It’s pretty simple, really.

1. Read through the material online and get a good feel for what makes a great event
2. Start thinking about a venue and speakers you might invite
3. Allow yourself 4 - 6 months to organise the event
4. Put together a two or three page proposal document and email it to [Benjamin](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org)


### What is the fee structure?

![UX Design Day fee structure](/financials/fee-structure.png?raw=true "UX Design Day fee structure")

The parent organisation ([UX Design Day Limited](http://www.business.govt.nz/companies/app/ui/pages/companies/5161521)) takes **33%** of the profits of a conference after all expenses have been paid. This is to help cover costs like:

* Server and CDN for the website
* Domain renewals for uxdesignday.org and .com
* New Zealand company registration fees
* Facebook and Twitter advertising to build fanbase
* Google Apps for Work
* Time spent to build and maintain the website
* Time spent building brand awareness and trust

The remaining **66%** is for the conference organisers to keep as a recognition of the time and effort they put in on the ground to make each conference happen.

The profit is **whatever is left after all expenses have been paid.** Expenses like catering, venue hire, speaker accommodation and travel costs, any official drinks after the event, swag bag costs, and any marketing for the specific conference like stickers, posters, cards, etc.

For this reason, a detailed record of the budget must be kept along with receipts for expenses.


### Example fee breakdown

Let’s say a conference has $6,458.00 remaining after paying all expenses and reimbursing all speakers for travel and accommodation costs. The organisers of that conference would receive $4,305.00 for their time and send $2,153.00 to UX Design Day Limited.

![UX Design Day in Wellington](/design/email/wellington.jpg?raw=true "UX Design Day in Wellington")
*UX Design Day Wellington in 2013*


### What happens if my conference runs at a loss?

You and other organisers are responsible for any extra costs incurred if a conference you organise runs at a loss. UX Design Day doesn’t have any cash in the bank to cover expenses if the conference doesn’t make a profit.

Because of this, we highly encourage you to be extremely confident the conference will be a success. Make sure you have some speakers and sponsors onboard before picking a venue, and keep a detailed budget at all times.


### Can we customize our own UX Design Day?

UX Design Days should follow a similar one day, 6 - 12 talk format, and focus on:

* Education through practical talks
* Exposing local speakers and talent
* Accessible and affordable entry
* A unique conference experience

The venue, promotional material, tone of voice, speakers, and sponsors are all different from city to city, however the brand and basic brand assets like the logo, name, and website remain the same.


### What do we call our conference?

Your conference should be called “UX Design Day <city it’s in> <year>”. For example “UX Design Day Sydney 2014”.

It can also be abbreviated to UXDD Sydney 2014. All hashtags are #uxdd.


### What topics should we try to cover?

The conference has a digital slant, but you should aim for a lot of variety to keep things interesting. For example, UX Design Day Wellington 2013 had a tattoo artist present a talk alongside digital designers. 

Try focusing on different areas of UX and visual design. See the example schedules, resources, [previous talks on Vimeo](http://vimeo.com/uxdesignday/videos), and more to get a feel for what we’re about.

The audience will be a mix of:

* UX Designers
* Business owners
* Marketers
* Agency designers
* Visual designers
* Frontend developers
* Project managers


### What website do we point people to?

After your proposal has been accepted, I will set you up with uxdesignday.org/yourlocation. Note: we also have uxdesignday.com, which simply redirects to .org.

￼
### Who do we use for ticketing and attendee payments?

That’s up to you. Some providers take more of a cut than others. In the past we’ve used [Chalkle](http://chalkle.com/), who are based in Wellington, New Zealand - they’re friendly and awesome.


### How do we customize uxdesignday.org to our liking?

The basic layout and style is set by us, however you can modify the content, such as your own location-specific information - sponsors, speakers etc. Each conference location will have their own branch.

Please submit [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) on your location’s branch in the [UX Design Day Github repository](https://github.com/humphreybc/uxdesignday). It’s a relatively simple static site built with Node.js.


### What’s a good schedule?

Please keep your schedule and conference format close to the original. If you find there is a better way of doing things, talk to me about changing the global schedule! The idea is that UX Design Day should be fast-paced, compact, practical, and accessible.

We’ve found the ideal number of speakers to be around 9. Less than that and people feel they don’t get enough value for money, more than that and people tend to get worn out near the end of the day.


### How much should we charge for tickets?

This is up to you. The ticket price should be affordable, and where possible you should try to attract local speakers who are happy to talk for free. Since they’re local, they also won’t require accommodation and transport costs.

What makes UXDD different to other similar conferences is the fact that local speakers really mix with attendees and it helps to expose new people in your local network you didn’t know before. It’s very satisfying to know that we don’t need to fly out an expert from the valley - there’s one right down the road!

Dunedin 2013 charged $30.00 NZD for a ticket and Wellington 2013 charged $150.00 NZD for a ticket. We advise that you don’t put the ticket price above $200.00.


### What do we do with any profits from our conference?

See the [fee structure section](#what-is-the-fee-structure) above.


### Who do we approach for sponsorship?

This is entirely up to you. We have strong relationships with several tech companies in Australia and New Zealand whom we’d be happy to contact for you. Please only take sponsors that are known for practicing good design. We don’t want to tarnish the brand!


###￼How do I attract good speakers?

Usually through your network, meetups, through sponsors, on Twitter, that sort of thing. Try to get people who have spoken (at other conferences) before, and make sure you reiterate that their talk should be reasonably short (15 minutes or 30 minutes) and practical.

Attendees should come away with the feeling they’ve learnt something new. If you can, try to screen them and their talk before accepting them as a speaker.


### How often should these conferences be held?

If someone else has run a UXDD nearby recently in another city, think about pushing yours out so there’s a gap of about 4 months. UXDD should be an annual event for each city, but in smaller countries (like New Zealand!) we don’t want to oversaturate the market.

Try to avoid clashing with similar conferences (UX Australia, Webstock, etc).


### What font should I use?

Use [Open Sans](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Open+Sans) for everything. You can add Open Sans to Google Docs by using the Add Fonts option in the dropdown. It’s also available as a free web font on Google Web Fonts, and you can download the .ttf files for use in Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, etc.


### Should I have swag bags?

This is up to you. Swag bags can be a pain in the ass to organise, and can be quite expensive. Unless you’ve got some really awesome stuff in them, most attendees disregard or bin them. Also, who wants to carry even more stuff around with them all day?


### Should I have T Shirts?

T Shirts are usually only printed for the organisers and volunteers since they can be quite expensive.


### Any suggestions for catering?

Yes. Make sure there is enough food. Make sure you cater for specific dietary requirements. When you have lots of people, stagger the lunch so a long line doesn’t form. Have a morning tea and afternoon tea. A coffee cart is a great idea for the morning. Make sure there’s a good ‘break-out’ space at your chosen venue for people to eat lunch.


### What’s the best way to get publicity around UX Design Day?

There are a few ways that work:

1. Send press releases to local news organisations
2. Announce the conference on Twitter and Facebook and post frequently
3. Ask prominent news websites (eg. Smashing Magazine) to post about your conference
4. Send an email to previous conference attendees (ask Benjamin for the mailing list)
5. Do some [guerilla marketing](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=537804696288567) on the [street](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=534508529951517)


### Will I get access to the Twitter and Facebook accounts to promote my conference?

Yes, you will. I will email you the details.


### Will I get a @uxdesignday.org email address?

Not presently, but that may change in the future.


### Is all of this set in concrete?

Absolutely not! We are learning just as much as you are, and we’ll definitely find things that don’t work well. Please let Benjamin know if you have any feedback, questions, concerns, or suggestions.


### I have more questions. Who do I contact?

Contact Benjamin Humphrey, [benjamin@uxdesignday.org.](mailto:benjamin@uxdesignday.org)
